hello it's Ruby and welcome to vlogmas
day 6 we're about to leave for school
and I haven't tidied my room
or made my bed and so I'm going to
quickly do that
okay so I'm back home from school night
it's 9:30
I'm not usually back home from school so
late but this evening we had a Carol
concert which is always one of my
favorite events of Christmas it just
makes me feel so fast if being able to
sing hymns as a school it's a really
lovely it didn't get back until like
9:15 and I just called my friend Matthew
and I was also just adding to the end of
an essay which I've been writing for
English because we have this service at
school we had to leave our bags at
school because we went straight from
straight from there to the church so I
didn't have my school bag with me now
which kind of limits the amount of
homework that I can do unfortunately I
didn't even have my book with me so I'm
gonna have to read something I'm reading
two books and they were only brought one
of them to schools that's fine good
morning it's actually about 7:30 but
it's really dark outside it's dark
outside and I've seen it at 7:30 so far
this December so today I'm getting my
desk painted white which is really
exciting but I need to clear my desk of
everything
back home from school it's about half
five I'm about to look at my death and
I'm just not looking because I want it
to be a surprise okay you ready I'm
gonna look oh my gosh you look so good
look so it's 6:45 and I've just finished
my english essay this is one which
actually took me such a long time I
found it quite tricky and because I
wrote it in stages it did take a lot
longer I find it's always better to just
sit down and write the whole of an essay
but I wasn't able to do that because
I've been I was preparing for my
interview before so after I wrote an
essay I'll always just read through it
and I'll always read it aloud because
then I can hear if I've made any
mistakes if anything just doesn't sound
bright example the raised expedition
started before I still turn of
literature like Mary grants and Dondre
starring and even on channel particular
use of husband's price but Alice in
Wonderland it's a promotional Vista more
than one day masochistic okay which can
build asylum so my mum found this old
hat and I've just been wearing it whilst
I've been doing my work because I think
it's so pretty it's just so lovely an
old fashioned so I know I wasn't
actually filming my study session today
so the work that I did this evening I
finished writing some notes on entropy
using my textbook I finished writing a
Quizlet for chemistry I wrote out my
definitions in my study with just a
Phoenicians book I finished my english
essay and I went through an annotated
chapter eight of a long long way decided
to actually face time my friend Pippi we
haven't spoken for about six or seven
months and she just messaged me and
asked whether I'd like to FaceTime and I
certainly would because it's been a
while since we talked it's nearly 11:00
so I'm going to go to bed
I've been reading going to round off the
rug here because I don't think I'm going
to really be doing anything else this
late at night
um so thanks for watching and have a
good
week